hey famous lady yeah I'm a Sofia mostly
this I just want to talk to you today
about some products I used for washing
and maintaining my hair I do have
Malaysian hair in it was virgin but I've
um braid it using bleach so it's no
longer virgin hair this hair is body
wave but I have done my own curls in it
and it is 26 24 22 and 20 inch with a 12
inch straight Brazilian closure
now this hair is from famous hair by
diamond dollz beauty which is w
www.fema.gov so now I've got all the
specifications out of the way I just
want to tell you about what I use really
to maintain my hair to keep it looking
and feeling so great now you probably
can't appreciate how soft and great my
hair feels through a video but I'm just
going to tell you about what I use and
just help you to have equally as great
hair okay so I'm gonna start with the
shampoo and conditioner I use organics
there we go that's the shampoo and
that's the king that's the back of the
conditioner that's the conditioner and
you can just see the brand name there
organics with an X on the end now these
are great they are Moroccan argan oil
infused and as I said it's a shampoo
conditioner and they and they use a
unique blend of natural and sulfate free
surfactants now I've just read that off
the back of their yeah so kind of
natural products no nothing wood sulfur
in it so it's not going to damage your
hair I found it really nourishing and
what I tend to do is I will shampoo it
with the shampoo as you do and then I
will condition it now I try and wash my
hair weekly sometimes it goes few days
over but usually in a ball part it's
usually weekly and what I will do is
yeah I will shampoo it and condition it
but then maybe the week after I will
shampoo it and give it a deep condition
so
to leave the conditioner on my hair and
put like a shower cap on and just rock
that for a half an hour an hour whatever
time I've got but just give it a deep
condition I also use the organics again
Moroccan curling perfection now this
again has got the argan oil in it and
it's just for curly hair it just helps
to get a nice definition of your curls
now I've been wearing this half well
over a month and whenever I wash it I do
still get my body wave curls back which
is great and I just put a bit of this in
because I'm a bit of a terror when it
comes to my hair I do straighten it
I do curl it I do Flatiron it wand it
everything I just feel like when I put
this in when I've washed my hair and
it's damp just put a bit of it in you
don't need too much just gives my hair a
lovely finish do use quite a bit of heat
in my hair which it's bad so I use
Tresemme heat protects which I really
rate and think it's a great product and
what I'll do is just when I've washed my
hair spray it in and then I'll use my
hair dryer just to take most of the
wetness away because I really haven't
got time to let it air dry and it's
called outside and head calls and yadda
yadda yadda so yeah I got all my god
organics products from boots and they
cost $6.99 each so they're not the
cheapest of shampoos and products but
they are good I got this from as the
Walmart I'm not too sure how much it was
but I'm gonna guess it was around the
5-pound region if I am correct and
that's pretty much all I use now now and
then I will use a bit of argan oil
because I have bleached the ends they
are a little bit drier but than saying
that surprisingly enough they are still
in great condition they're not crispy
and not frazzled it's just about all my
hair just feels in lovely condition my
hair was washed just yesterday and it is
just so smooth feels great I do need to
stop touching my hair because my hands
are always in my hair but the hair just
feels great it's been in a month and all
the heat and all the styling I do to it
and it's just still really good
and I have to thank the shampoos because
they just complement the hair so much
more so that's just a little insight
into how I look after my hair if you do
want any other information or if you do
have any other requests of what you'd
like to see please let me know and I'll
try my best to do that for you but yeah
this is just my way of maintaining my
hair and keeping it at its best and it's
Malaysian hair from famous hair by
diamond dollz beauty and once again the
website is www.fema.gov
all information will be in the
information box below if you have any
questions feel free to comment I will
list all the products the website
anything that I feel you need and if
there's anything else you want just ask
I can help you and thank you for
watching and God willing I will see you
soon and in the meantime take care of
yourself